Light bundle version (#14)
rehypejs/rehype-highlight: readme.md

Each key/value pair passed as arguments to
[`lowlight.registerLanguage`][register-language].

## Browser

> It is not suggested to use the pre-built files or requiring
> `rehype-highlight` in the browser as it will include all the highlighters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is not suggested to require `rehype-highlight` in the browser as it will
include all the highlighters.
```

Reviewer: pre-built is a concept in lowlight, but not here

> > :warning: Don’t forget to configure the languages option
> > or the highlight won’t work.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> :warning: Please configure `languages`, as otherwise nothing gets highlighted.
```

Reviewer: It’s not that it “doesn’t work”, it’s more: well, it doesn’t do anything.

> In the example below, only the javascript and typescript

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the example below, only the JavaScript and TypeScript
```

highlighters are included:

```js

> var vfile = require('to-vfile')
> var report = require('vfile-reporter')
> var rehype = require('rehype')
> var highlight = require('rehype-highlight/light')
> 
> rehype()
>   .data('settings', {fragment: true})
>   .use(highlight, {  
>     // Don't forget to define the languages you need
>     languages: {    
>         javascript: require('highlight.js/lib/languages/javascript'),
>         typescript: require('highlight.js/lib/languages/typescript'),
>       },})
>   .process(vfile.readSync('example.html'), function(err, file) {
>     console.error(report(err || file))
>     console.log(String(file))
>   })

Reviewer: ```suggestion
var vfile = require('to-vfile')
var report = require('vfile-reporter')
var rehype = require('rehype')
var highlight = require('rehype-highlight/light')

rehype()
  .data('settings', {fragment: true})
  .use(highlight, {
    // Don’t forget to define the languages you need
    languages: {
      javascript: require('highlight.js/lib/languages/javascript'),
      typescript: require('highlight.js/lib/languages/typescript')
    }
  })
  .process(vfile.readSync('example.html'), function (error, file) {
    console.error(report(error || file))
    console.log(String(file))
  })
```
